it's not often that I come into a video
with this little preparation one of our
writers read a tweet somewhere and
insisted that we check out the
double-oh-seven natural born player I am
so certain that they do not have
permission to use that logo right there
[Music]
synergy allows you to share your mouse
and keyboard between multiple computers
at once check it out now at the link in
the video description natural-born
player from company oh this is why you
wants to check it out so the new writers
name is James but I always refer to him
as that donkey behind his back so the
brand is James donkey and that don't
keep it so the double-oh-seven comes
with this schematic manual thing we'll
check that out in more depth later it
comes with a okay so there's enough
English on this for me to understand
that it is indeed a warranty card but
not enough for me to have any idea what
the rest of these instructions are
where's the Ascended nothing nothing
like that do you get the impression they
added like this huge thing of cardboard
here to make it seem like more premium
than it is Packaging feels a lot cheaper
now anyway and then this this is the big
stick with the double-oh-seven mouth
it comes with swappable parts for the
back right left and even the bottom
apparently look well maybe we need the
instructions so I guess this thing is
kind of like the IKEA of mice and that
the instructions aren't particularly
descriptive I mean they're okay
take the thing off and put the thing on
got it and in that there is some
assembly required guarded so it actually
comes with a variety of different
options for everything from the base
chassis of the mouse to the
left-right and buttock of the mouse so
let's start then by having a look at the
base so you got two different ones
this guy has plastic slip you tagged
four of them and this guy what area has
three metal ones I can't imagine any
reason that you would want metal pads on
the bottom of your mouth and I also
can't imagine any reason that you would
want a country in corrosion
wow that is Brody what happened there
anyway
the piece is snap-on as though by can I
do it can I do the base top gaming mouse
trick shot this is the behind-the-scenes
stuff that you never see in a dude
perfect video yeah yeah and then
everyone celebrates everyone's
celebrating silently come on make some
noise all right so we've switched to the
metal based or whatever let's try the
metal base now let's have a look at our
other options so for the left wing like
I was like hockey we got the left wing
the right wing and the well I think they
call them defenseman in hockey but but
the rear the rear okay so three
different lengths you've got the long
rear you got the medium-sized rear and
you got the tight rear I'm going to go
with the tight rear because I think we
can all tell that that's that's that's
what I'm into so let's go ahead and
throw that on there then this is cool so
these all go on with magnets as well you
can pick between so and have a look here
okay neat so I see how this works so
you've got three different sizes of kind
of like your your thumb your thumb scoop
here you see that so we got the baby
bear we got the momma bear and we got
the papa bear so I'm actually going to
go with so mama bear because I like the
idea of having a sniper button over here
even if I don't need like a massive
thumb rest it should be noted though the
papa bear actually also has the sniper
button in a different location if you
prefer to press it here but I find that
quite a bit more awkward
- okay our assembly is nearly complete
we've got the right wing and these ones
have the coolest names this one right
here is general then we've got Oh and
finally see you know what they say hold
my finger wow this is really confusing
to configure for gear adjustable dpi
among six hundred one thousand two
thousand thirty six hundred eighty two
hundred that's five then making matters
worse configuration light the quantity
of the light represents six different
modes is it four five or six I still
haven't figured out exactly how these
buttons work but I've done it at five
hundred dpi that feels pretty good I
have one more complaint and that is that
this scale doesn't make any sense
it goes up to eighty two hundred sixty
five hundred seven thousand seventy five
hundred but what seven seventy six
hundred what is this maybe some gaming
will make me feel better and of course
the game is shut down now yes why is it
doing first time setup we had this open
before you know the funny thing is these
instructions actually looked okay at
first glance but now I'm getting to some
really crappy stuff I mean it's healthy
to refer to the driver settings but it
doesn't come with anything in the box
I even download these
oh this is not a good sign
James donkey calm doesn't have any
English
oh wait here we go here we go here we go
English sight oh man I mean that's sort
of English you deduce the fingertips of
walls what so we've got two straight
product shots three then we've got not
English
then we've got that okay you know what
that's fine the MOU double-oh-seven here
we go oh God when you try and
scroll down the page it's a slide show
why who thought this is a good idea on
round switches though very nice
20 million click like I'm pretty sure
they're only talking about these two
them download driver and support more
self-definition function I needed more
self definition in my life so we got the
software working we got the firmware
updated and check this out wait what
that works a second ok the contact there
is not great
ok I'm sort of figuring some things out
there's more cool stuff in here I think
so there's a vibration switch there's a
vibration time and then there's a boot
time start vibration effect I don't know
what that means
ok we think we figured it out in order
to get vibration working you have to
give up your RGB lighting because that's
why this one's heavier there we go
alright that's actually kind of
uncomfortable but you know hey whatever
you into you hear that
if the idea was like recoil or something
that I will tell you the experience
Falls a little flat it feels like a
happy Mouse happy mouse in your hand
it's actually kind of distracting and
annoying
wait it's not working anymore there I
think it better to vibrate itself amused
now they're awful okay so we've got the
software mostly figured out vibration
only works with the vibrating bass RGB
lighting only works with the RGB
lighting bass and the mode so I still
can't figure out how these configs work
you click on them it takes you back to
the sign-in you go back to here and it's
an endless loop there's no there's no
option to create config but that's the
difference between the modes and the DPI
button the modes are onboard
programmable memory for all of this crap
is at least my understanding i cannot
validate that so now let's go ahead and
try again
Eady oh good kai for you this mouse has
given me a horrible headache I need you
to tell me if it's any good
oh go go go go go go ahead oh okay wait
now you're now you're into it right look
hmm interesting
and it like it's not tied into the game
that would be cool if it was tied into
the game like it's my shots or actually
my goodness I suppose instead of just
like pressing
Thanks reading yeah now it feels - this
is like a terribly terribly cheap
implementation for force-feedback but
like fine
alright thank you okay but and
subjectivity aside let's find out if
this thing is any good so the first
thing we need to do is move ten
centimetres Hey
so the DPI we set is correct a thousand
dpi then we can test to see what its
maximum max counter and max speed are by
basically moving it as fast as you can
oh I got like Drock burn on my finger
shiny okay so max speed is four meters
per seconds and Max counters 376 points
with a polling rate of about 500 Hertz
okay resolution okay speed excellent so
I think we're ready for the overall
conclusion at the regular price which is
around 50 bucks for the light one I
think there's better options out there
from the likes of Logitech you don't get
all of the sort of modular doodads and
vibration motors and stuff like that but
quite frankly most of it feels pretty
gimmicky however if you're willing to
settle for one of the other color ones
at like $25.00 in terms of the raw
performance of this thing it's not bad
if you don't mind a mouse that's on the
heavier side and that is also a little
bit on the larger side it's too big for
my hands but given that mine are well
below average I suspect most of you will
probably be fine synergy is a software
download that solves the ultimate first
world problem of having too many
computers and having a desk that's
covered in keyboards and mice to control
them it allows you to share one mouse
and keyboard between two or more
computers so you'll never get confused
which one is which and which one goes to
what one they offer a
basic and pro option with a one-time
payment for lifetime access and features
include things like clipboard sharing
drag and dropping files between the
computers the ability to set up hotkeys
and more you can even use synergy
cross-platform between Windows Mac and
even Linux so check out our link in the
video description to get 50% off synergy
today all right so thanks for watching
guys if you just like this video then a
lot you ha okay if you liked it so hit
that like button get subscribing and
consider checking out where to buy the
stuff we featured at the link in the
video description also down there is the
link to our merch store reached by cool
shirts like this one as well as our
community forum which you should totally
join
[Music]